.TH torreadwrite "1" "09 Jul 2015" "0.20150709" "User Manual"
.PP
torreadwrite
.PP
VL-LUG
.PP
XMPP: <xmpp:linuxdv@conference.jabber.ru>
.PP
URL:  http://www.linuxdv.org/wiki/projects/torrents_editor
.PP
SRC:  http://linuxdv.ru/forum/download/file.php?id=28
.PP

.SH SAMPLE

$
.B torread
samplefile.torrent > samplefile.torrent.txt
.PP
$
.B nano
samplefile.torrent.txt
.PP
$
.B torwrite
samplefile.torrent.txt > samplefile.mod.torrent
.PP

.SH STRUCTURE

Content torrent file
.PP
Content torrent file is encoded as described above. Himself torrent file is bencoded dictionary with the following keys:
.PP
.B info:
a dictionary describing the files in the torrent. There are two forms of the dictionary, the first to the torrent that contains only one file, and the second - for multi file torrent.
.PP
.B announce:
string with a URL of the tracker.
.PP
.B announce-list:
(optional) list of lists, each of which contains a string with a URL of the tracker.
.PP
.B creation date:
(optional) integer - the creation of a torrent in seconds era UNIX (number of seconds since 00:00:00 01/01/1970).
.PP
.B comment:
(optional) string with an arbitrary comment.
.PP
.B created by:
(optional) string with the name and version of the created torrent file program.
.PP
.B encoding:
(optional) any string of unknown purpose.
.PP
In beztrekernom torrent announce and no announce-list, but instead there is an element nodes, which is a list of lists, each of which contains a line with the address and the number of nodes - the port number. Something like nodes = [[«<host>», <port>], [«<host>», <port>], \.\.\.]. The simplest option - nodes = [[«127.0.0.1», 6881]].
.PP
Dictionary info
.PP
The parameters are the same for single-file and multi-file torrents.
.PP
.B piece length:
number of bytes in a piece, usually a power of two.
.PP
.B pieces:
a string of united 20-byte SHA1 hash pieces.
.PP
.B private:
(optional) number. If it is one, the customer to search for peers to be used only tracker (s) specified in the torrent file. If this number is zero, the customer can add peers any methods: manually, or via DHT and Peer Exchange t. D.
.PP
For single file torrents:
.PP
.B name:
string filename.
.PP
.B length:
the number of bytes in the file.
.PP
.B md5sum:
(optional) string MD5 sums file. Fucking useless.
.PP
For multi file torrent:
.PP
.B name:
string with the name of the directory where all files will be placed.
.PP
.B files:
a list of dictionaries, one for each file. Each dictionary contains the following keys:
.PP
.B length:
the number of bytes in the file.
.PP
.B md5sum:
(optional) string MD5 sums file. Fuck no one needs, as in the previous case.
.PP
.B path:
a list of one or more lines, representing together a file path. The last line - the name of the file, the previous - the sequence of nested directories. For example, the path «dir1 / dir2 / file.ext» will be presented in a list of three lines: «dir1», «dir2», «file.ext».
.PP
